# Canto Core Devs Meeting # 1

#### Meeting Date/Time: Wednesday, May 17th 2023 at 11:00 PM UTC

#### Meeting Duration: 30 Minutes

### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/Canto-Network/pm/issues/1)

#### Moderator: Guled Yousuf

#### Notes: 0xjones


## Summary/Decisions

### Onboarding Middleware Release Planning (https://github.com/Canto-Network/Canto/pull/103)
  Plex will spend the next week developing front end changes and coordinating the code4rena audit. 
  #### FE Dev Update:
   - Stood up an internal testnet and work on the front end has started.
   - Briefly discussed what happens when swaps fail. Will likely need to keep convert coin in the front end and display it conditionally when fails swap.
  #### Code4rena Audit:
   - TK from Plex and Byungchul from B-Harvest will run the code4rena audit. We're in touch with the code4rena team and will finalize the audit timeline soon. 

### Canto Security Audit:
  - Plan is to regroup in mid/late June to review everyones audit findings.
  - Before the next meeting, Hyung will share documentation on an audit process to help coordinate the audit between B-Harvest, Plex, & Zak.

### Liquid Staking (https://github.com/b-harvest/Canto/tree/liquidstaking-module-production1)
  - Scott suggested adding a dynamic fee rate based on utlization. Will share the design decisions soon. This change will take add an additional 2-3 weeks to the schedule.

### Additional:
  - Guled and 0xjones have been working on the PM template and meeting agenda process.

## Action Items
 Action Item | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| **1**   | Plex team will coordinate the Onboarding Middleware audit and share out a timeline |      
| **2**   | Plex to make front end changes to Canto.io |
| **3**   | Zak to review onboarding middleware PR |
| **4**   | Hyung to share documentation on security audit process |  
| **5**   | B-Harvest to share design decisons on the new changes to liquid staking| 
