# Canto Core Devs Meeting # 3

#### Meeting Date/Time: Wednesday, June 14th 2023 at 11:00 PM UTC

#### Meeting Duration: 30 Minutes

### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/Canto-Network/pm/issues/3)

#### Moderator: Guled Yousuf

#### Notes: Guled Yousuf


## Summary/Decisions

### New Initiatives
  - Zack is currently writing a spec for the retroactive cluster funding protocol - will share out when its complete.
  - Tk from Plex shared the idea of making pre-compiles for Cosmos SDK modules to help with composability. These would open up a whole new design space and a whole new set of possibilities since it would provide the ability to interact with the Cosmos SDK side of things from within the EVM. Nothing concrete at the moment but Plex will research this idea further.
  - Tk from Plex also shared that the Plex team has started work on a v3 of canto.io thats focused on increasing ecosystem discovery and improving common user flows.
### Updates:
  - Discussed onboarding middleware C4 audit. Proposal to fund the audit is being sent to the DAO 6/16/2023 and if that successfully passes then the audit starts the Monday after. The goal is to get the middleware into production by the end of the month.
  - Had a brief discussion about how to split work on the security audit. The B-Harvest team is coordinating the audit. The audit will start by the end of the month.
  - Liquid staking PR on track to be submitted next friday (6/23/2023).
