# Canto Core Devs Meeting # 5

#### Meeting Date/Time: Wednesday, July 12th 2023 at 11:00 PM UTC

#### Meeting Duration: 30 Minutes

### [GitHub Agenda](https://github.com/Canto-Network/pm/issues/5)

#### Moderator: Guled

#### Notes: Guled


## Summary/Decisions

### Liquid Staking Module
- Work on liquid staking module is ongoing - expected to complete next Friday.
- B-Harvest is writing a forum post to share with the community with a CPIP to follow.
- The module needs an audit given its size so contributors discussed using Code4rena for auditing again. TK will get the conversation started.

### Onboarding Module
- The audit identified 2 issues in total (B-Harvest to address the issues).
- Release plan to be finalized after addressing the issues.
  
### Other
- Zak requested someone to review the cluster registry design he implemented.
